good morning
and welcome back to a day in my life
this is a spontaneous vlog
as i've just booked myself in to get a
covert vaccine
medical students as part of the
healthcare team are required to get the
vaccine as soon as possible to protect
both our patients
and ourselves so i thought i'd document
the journey if anyone is curious
it is bright and warm outside but my
heart still pines for the snow we had a
few days ago
i'm on a zoom patient history taking
session in the bus
which unfortunately i cannot contribute
to but still proves quite helpful
i go to the monthly hospital to get my
vaccine and follow the arrows to the
room
my nurse is the sweetest person ever
making me feel almost
normal for asking permission to film the
process something i'd been dreading all
night
[Music]
fantastic and your postcode perfect okay
where are you working at the moment
fantastic okay so just quickly so in
terms of that being probably known
anyway
is the visor and so you'll have to have
the next one
um in twelve weeks absolutely um so the
common side effects are things like
saunas around the site
um you might get you might feel a bit
fatigued might be a bit nauseous um
muscle aches um but just treat that
parasite smile and it should go down you
might start seeing in the next 24 hours
that they will go down
and if you get covered symptoms and
that's not the vaccine so choose it as
covered
um so isolate get test and do what you
need to do with flavoured
um you're not a new year until 14 days
so
you have to wait for them and then
obviously as well
um any questions
right you put this hand in your on your
hip for me oh yes
oh sorry because i'm supposed to hold
that now yep that's okay yeah absolutely
yeah so now um you need to go and sit
down for 15 minutes just so we can
observe you and check you're okay if
there's anything wrong please give us a
shout
and if you feel make sure it's off of
anything
that you're worried about afterwards and
then make sure the next vaccinator knows
that if you have any problems
and i'm sure
[Music]
the process is over fairly quickly and
so i take my biscuits and water to the
couches where we have to sit for 15
minutes
just in case anyone has an immediate
reaction to the vaccine
i contemplate whether i should walk back
home and decide i can take the 40 minute
journey to count towards my daily
exercise
and head off after my wait is over
[Music]
my daily exercise proves much more
adventurous than i thought
as my hopeless sense of navigation
somehow gets me lost on a straight road
and i end up winding between
neighborhoods before i recognize the
familiar taller buildings in the
distance
i go to nando's on the way home one of
the few restaurants still offering nhs
discounts
and i use my now bedazzled nhs card to
get myself some food
[Music]
it starts to rain just after i walk into
my building
so feeling extra thankful for my good
luck i set up the dinner which i have on
a cool with my mom
it is my signature meal chicken
butterfly extra hot
peas and peri-peri chips at this point
i'm feeling perfectly
fine i prepare for my call with ali
halfway through which i actually start
feeling unnaturally tired for this time
of night
i also start to feel my cheeks burn in
no relation to any particular topic of
conversation
so i realize i must actually be
experiencing some side effects
unfortunately i do not have a
thermometer as embarrassing as that is
for a medical student
i cancel a call with a friend later and
decide to take my computer to bed
[Music]
i still have a lot of work to do so i
cannot call it a night just yet
i snack on the leftover biscuits from
the morning and realized that as
terrified as i was to ask permission to
film today
it all went surprisingly smoothly and
really
no one cares at least not for long
finally some i satisfied with my
progress i decided to allow myself some
much needed sleep at 11 pm
editing this vlog i just wanted to
mention i ended up feeling quite
tired for the next few days but i'm now
feeling great again
if you made it so far thank you so much
for spending this day with me
i hope you have a wonderful one yourself
bye
[Music]
you